content/home/upcomingevents/event1.md, before:

+++
weight = 1
title = "January Meetup"
image = ""
summary = "Speakers: Andreas Stephan, Jakob Klement, Luca Mülln | Jan 16, 2024 18:00-21:00"
url = "/events/jan-meetup"
date = "16-01-2024"
+++

### [RSVP](https://www.eventbrite.de/e/tech-talk-like-syntax-try-coding-in-collaboration-with-munich-nlp-tickets-761270379197?aff=MunichNLPMeetup)


### Location
[LeWagon Munich Coding Bootcamp](https://www.lewagon.com/), 
[Balanstraße 73, 81541 Munich](https://maps.app.goo.gl/jU5psd3nMeRPfrMi6), 
4th floor


### About this Event
tbd


### Agenda
- 18:00 - 19:00 Welcome to LeWagon
- 19:00 - 19:30 Talk Different Apporaches for Image Captioning
- 19:30 - 20:00 Talk LLMs to Business 
- 20:00 - 21:00 Networking 

### Different Apporaches for Image Captioning
Image clustering divides a collection of images into “meaningful groups”, typically interpreted post-hoc via human-given annotations. Those are usually in the form of text, begging the question of using text as an abstraction for image clustering. In this work, we introduce Text-Guided Image Clustering, where we generate text using image-to-text models and subsequently explore the use of generated text for clustering and cluster explainability.


### LLMs to Business
We discuss how GenAI models are being used on a large scale in real production scenarios at major corporations. We demonstrate how challenges within companies can be addressed using GenAI, ranging from customer feedback analysis to smart entity extraction.

The talk is provided by CONVALID Analytics, the data and AI subsidiary of SMP Strategy Consulting. CONVALID Analytics consults large mid-sized and DAX-listed companies in the field of advanced analytics and generative AI. In doing so, CONVALID Analytics leverages research findings and implements them directly in companies to create real business value.


### Speakers

![Andreas Stephan ><](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/C4D03AQGrUqV6o11mlA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1535969679392?e=1706140800&v=beta&t=ZhbxZc5D2pEbI5RVi3hJqAM6GyIqD4UM4XLECpWfNeg) 

[**Andreas Stephan**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andst/) 
previously worked as a NLP data scientist and is now a NLP PhD student at the University of Vienna. In his work, he focuses on the incorporation, and use, of human-interpretable but weak, i.e. imperfect, information. 


![Jakob Klement ><](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/C4E03AQGT7K0R4S4kQA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1662130893438?e=1708560000&v=beta&t=8xR8JA8qNDCgUxhH_89mnduPDm4glSf84uW-mPbj0So) 

[**Jakob Klement**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jakob-jonathan-klement/) 
is the Lead Solution Engineer at CONVALID Analytics, focusing on generative AI projects.
He significantly contributed to the first productive GPT project in one of Germany's biggest companies and presented at the Microsoft Azure Keynote in early 2023. He works and lives in Munich.


![Luca Mülln ><](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D4E03AQHfyTg8HiaE8Q/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1666699993888?e=1706140800&v=beta&t=NJc-5xJKm7gSEf62r_Vtw8o8kmRrBnlgkBATSlkHvJ4) 

[**Luca Mülln**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luca-m%C3%BClln-ba3031223/) 
is the Lead Data Scientist at Convalid Analytics and has experience in implementing Data Science and Machine Learning projects across multiple economic sectors, including Energy, Telecommunications, and Insurance. With a background in research on Explainable AI and Natural Language Processing, his focus is on applying technology to businesses and creating value therein. He works and lives in Munich.

Commit message:

added jan mettup theme photo and event info

content/home/upcomingevents/event1.md, after:

+++
weight = 1
title = "January Meetup"
image = "/images/ev_jan_meetup/theme_photo.png"
summary = "Speakers: Andreas Stephan, Jakob Klement, Luca Mülln | Jan 16, 2024 18:00-21:00"
url = "/events/jan-meetup"
date = "16-01-2024"
+++

### [RSVP](https://www.eventbrite.de/e/tech-talk-like-syntax-try-coding-in-collaboration-with-munich-nlp-tickets-761270379197?aff=MunichNLPMeetup)


### Location
[LeWagon Munich Coding Bootcamp](https://www.lewagon.com/), 
[Balanstraße 73, 81541 Munich](https://maps.app.goo.gl/jU5psd3nMeRPfrMi6), 
4th floor


### About this Event
We present our January Meetup in collaboration with Le Wagon at their Munich offices

#### Different Apporaches for Image Captioning
Image clustering divides a collection of images into “meaningful groups”, typically interpreted post-hoc via human-given annotations. Those are usually in the form of text, begging the question of using text as an abstraction for image clustering. In this work, we introduce Text-Guided Image Clustering, where we generate text using image-to-text models and subsequently explore the use of generated text for clustering and cluster explainability.


#### LLMs to Business
We discuss how GenAI models are being used on a large scale in real production scenarios at major corporations. We demonstrate how challenges within companies can be addressed using GenAI, ranging from customer feedback analysis to smart entity extraction.

The talk is provided by CONVALID Analytics, the data and AI subsidiary of SMP Strategy Consulting. CONVALID Analytics consults large mid-sized and DAX-listed companies in the field of advanced analytics and generative AI. In doing so, CONVALID Analytics leverages research findings and implements them directly in companies to create real business value.


### Agenda
- 18:00 - 19:00 Welcome to LeWagon
- 19:00 - 19:30 Talk Different Apporaches for Image Captioning
- 19:30 - 20:00 Talk LLMs to Business 
- 20:00 - 21:00 Networking 


### Speakers

![Andreas Stephan ><](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/C4D03AQGrUqV6o11mlA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1535969679392?e=1706140800&v=beta&t=ZhbxZc5D2pEbI5RVi3hJqAM6GyIqD4UM4XLECpWfNeg) 

[**Andreas Stephan**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andst/) 
previously worked as a NLP data scientist and is now a NLP PhD student at the University of Vienna. In his work, he focuses on the incorporation, and use, of human-interpretable but weak, i.e. imperfect, information. 


![Jakob Klement ><](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/C4E03AQGT7K0R4S4kQA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1662130893438?e=1708560000&v=beta&t=8xR8JA8qNDCgUxhH_89mnduPDm4glSf84uW-mPbj0So) 

[**Jakob Klement**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jakob-jonathan-klement/) 
is the Lead Solution Engineer at CONVALID Analytics, focusing on generative AI projects.
He significantly contributed to the first productive GPT project in one of Germany's biggest companies and presented at the Microsoft Azure Keynote in early 2023. He works and lives in Munich.


![Luca Mülln ><](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/D4E03AQHfyTg8HiaE8Q/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1666699993888?e=1706140800&v=beta&t=NJc-5xJKm7gSEf62r_Vtw8o8kmRrBnlgkBATSlkHvJ4) 

[**Luca Mülln**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luca-m%C3%BClln-ba3031223/) 
is the Lead Data Scientist at Convalid Analytics and has experience in implementing Data Science and Machine Learning projects across multiple economic sectors, including Energy, Telecommunications, and Insurance. With a background in research on Explainable AI and Natural Language Processing, his focus is on applying technology to businesses and creating value therein. He works and lives in Munich.
